
ACDelco
P.O. Box 33171
Detroit, MI 48232-5171
Voice: 800-223-3526
Fax 866-340-2814

Support
support@feuersoft.com

Acct# 9854321


ACDelco Info
----------------
ACDelco is the premier supplier of GM Original Equipment automotive replacement parts. ACDelco offers 90,000+ auto parts across 37 product lines, and our products can be found around the globe. As a global leader in automotive replacement parts and related services, our focus has always been on building a reputation as the number-one source for quality auto parts.

ACDelco provides high-quality parts for all major vehicle systems, as well as off-road, marine and industrial equipment. Our product portfolio includes maintenance parts, such as car batteries, spark plugs, oil filters, air filters, wiper blades, and brakes, as well as repair parts such as alternators, radiators, chassis and heating/cooling components.


D31 Info
ACDelco Reman Alternators & Starters
------------------
ACDelco Starters and Alternators. ACDelco replacement parts give you the peace of mind that the fit, form, and function is up to the high standards and specifications of General Motors. ACDelco Starter and Alternators are manufactured for many makes and models of GM car, light duty truck, and sport utility vehicle.


A41 Info
AC Spark Plugs
------------------
Whether you are choosing Professional or Specialty spark plugs, from our Iridium, Double Platinum, RAPIDFIRE single platinum, Conventional, Glow Plug, Marine, or Outdoor Power Equipment lines, you will know that you are getting a century’s worth of experience and know-how packed into that plug. Advanced features and competitive limited warranty coverage adds up to the ACDelco advantage – put it to work for you.

D01 Info
ACDelco Ignition & Switches
------------------------------
ACDelco provides Ignition System and Switch products for all models of GM vehicles on the road today. With ACDelco Ignition System and Switch products you can have added peace of mind that your vehicle is receiving high-quality parts engineered for long lasting performance, durability and dependability.

D05 Info
GM OE Shocks and Struts
------------------------------
ACDelco Specialty Premium Monotube Shocks are designed to meet the demands of sport utility vehicles, 4x4s and light-duty trucks, which require greater control, handling, safety, and performance. These premium shocks feature consistent damping and rapid response characteristics, large chromed piston rods, high pressure nitrogen gas up to 275 psi, and a single tube design. Additionally, ACDelco Specialty Premium Monotube Shocks utilize floating piston technology that completely separates the oil from the nitrogen gas, producing extremely consistent operational control due to aeration elimination, and superior heat dissipation.

A42
AC Oil Filters
------------------------------
ACDelco Professional Oil Filters are a high quality replacement ideal for many vehicles on the road today. Thermal bonding techniques and non-metallic end caps help optimize the overall seal as well as remove wasted media rendered non-functional by adhesives. This premium aftermarket replacement E oil filter is manufactured to meet your expectations for fit, form, and function.

D25
ACDelco Water Pumps
--------------------------------------
An ACDelco Professional Engine Water Pump Kit contains an ACDelco Professional Water Pump and the components needed to install it. This Professional, premium aftermarket water pump will circulate coolant through your vehicle’s radiator and engine system, and help maintain proper engine temperature and performance. The gaskets, seals, and O-rings packaged in each ACDelco Professional Water Pump Kit help guarantee that all necessary parts are available for trouble-free installation. ACDelco Professional Water Pump Kits contain ideal high quality aftermarket replacement components for many vehicles on the road today. This premium aftermarket replacement water pump kit is manufactured to meet and exceed your expectations for fit, form, and function.




